on make a people easy to lead, but difficult to drive: easy to govern, but impossible to enslave.:Peter Brougham
Education is not the filling of a pail, but the lighting of a fire.:Wiliam Butler Yeats
Tell me and I'll forget. Show me, and I may not remember. Involve me, and I'll understand.:Native American Saying
What we learn with pleasure we never forget.:Alfred Mercier
Education is simply the soul of a society as it passes from one generation to another.:G. K. Chesterson
Instruction ends in the school-room, but education ends only with life.:Frederick W.Robertson
It is in fact a part of the function of education to help us escape, not from our own time -- for we are bound by that -- but from the intellectual and emotional limitations of our time.:T.S. Eliot
Whatever is good to know is difficult to learn.:Greek Proverb
What sculpture is to a block of marble, education is to the human soul.:Joseph Addison
What we have learned from other becomes our own reflection.:Ralph Waldo Emerson
If a nation expects to be ignorant and free, in a state of civilization, it expects what never was and will never be.:Thomas Jefferson
Practice is the best of all instructors.:Publilius Syrus
Education is the transmission of civilization.:Will Durant
It is a greater work to educate a child, in the true and larger sense of the word, than to rule a state.:William Ellery Channing
Education is more than a luxury; it is a responsibility that society owes to itself.:Robin Cook
Let us never be betrayed into saying we have finished our education; because that would mean we had stopped growing.:Julia H. Gulliver
Character is a wish for a perfect education.:Novalis
The fruit of liberal education is not learning, but the capacity and desire to learn, not knowledge, but power.:Charles W. Eliot
The ultimate goal of the educational system is to shift to the individual the burden of pursuing his education.:John W. Gardner
Intelligence plus character--that is the goal of true education.:Martin Luther King, Jr.
I am still learning.:Michelangelo
Next in importance to freedom and justice is popular education, without which which neither freedom nor justice can be maintained. :James A. Garfield
Education, like the mass of our age's inventions, is after all, only a tool; everything depends upon the workman who uses it:The Simple Life
Learning is like rowing upstream: not to advance is to drop back.:Chinese Saying
Education should bring to light the ideal of the individual.:J.P Richter
Education should consist of a series of enchantments, each raising the individual to a higher level of awareness, understanding, and kinship with all living things.:Author Unknown
When asked how much educated men were superior to those uneducated, Aristotle answered, 'As much as the living are to the dead.':Diogenes Laetius
Upon the education of the people of this country, the fate of this country depends.:Benjamin Disraeli
Education is the best provision for old age.:Aristotle 
